Test Case 2_9_1
System: Indoor_Routing           
Phase: 2    
Verify Indoor_Routing routing capabilities and verify distance and time
Severity: 4

A. Identification and Classification:
- Test existence of Indoor_Routing
- Verify Indoor_Routing routes and  time and distance

B. Instructions:
    1. In one tab, run npm run dev in backend directory.
    2. In another tab, run npm run dev in frontend directory.
    3. Search for Lawson Hall (LWSN) using search for destination.
    4. Click the circle associated with Lawson and click view indoors.
    5. Using the Drop-down menu from the top-right, click to Floor 1.
    6. If you want to test the distance and time, you can go to Lawson and test by walking and measuring the route.

C. Expected Result:
    1. A viable route (on the map) between two locations (doesn't go like through walls, or through rooms, etc)
    2. This route should take the user between the two locations.
    3. In the middle right, a distance and time should exist that are relatively accurate to the actual distance/time spent walking

-------------------------------------------------------
Test Case 2_9_2
System: Indoor Routing              
Phase: 2    
Verify different floor routing and direct routes
Severity: 1

A. Identification and Classification:
- Test that the algorithm provides a route that goes through the elevators/stairs in order to get to another floor.
- Test that the algorithm provides the most direct route go an endpoint

B. Instructions:
    1. In one tab, run npm run dev in backend directory.
    2. In another tab, run npm run dev in frontend directory.
    3. Search for Lawson Hall (LWSN) using search for destination
    4. Click the circle associated with Lawson and click view indoors.
    5. Click the dot next to 1142 University Meeting Room (the room across from the elevator) and then click start
    6. Using the dropdown menu in the top left, click floor 3
    7. Click the dot next to the Terrace (the room in the bottom right on floor 3), and click destination.

C. Expected Result:
    1. The path leads to the elevator, and from the elevator then goes directly to the terrace
    2. This is a (relatively straight route) but goes directly to the destination from the start.